hey guys this is me honestly Erica I am
here I was deep conditioned in my hair
and I was just about to be ready to wash
it and rinse the deep conditioner out
and I thought I come and do it like a
little review and a demo on the
terressentials I have the organic
lavender garden pure earth hair wash
it's pure of the earth it is not the
earth isn't that okay I wash I kept this
tear central since July and I have used
nothing else I have used to no other
shampoo and / cleanser except the tear
essentials since July it is October I am
a converted I have converted to right
now this is definitely a staple I really
really like this it did tend me a little
while to get used to it
terressentials is about 20 dollars in
the full-size is a 16 ounce I was gonna
hit and get the full size the only thing
is the 20 ounces worth it
the only thing isn't shipping Lord so
good ship it's like eight dollars
that's ridiculous this is a 16 ounce
bottle is eight dollars why you why
three dollars that's the only downside
there are some stores that carry it if
you have been to be mother lucky ones
that have the most to you I would
definitely check their local stores
I believe it's it's on the website what
stores that carry the actually tear
centers where you can buy on the ground
because a dossal Shiva is ridiculous
re doll on dick Ulis I got the lavender
garden this time it's for thick horse
dry hair which
I thought I had do feel like this's and
I have of course here I have thick hair
but I do think this is kind of heavy for
my hair oh so you got fine hair do not I
do not recommend the lavender garden if
you have other kinds for like finer hair
I believe it was like a lemon lemon one
I think the lime one that's what I'm
gonna get next time I have used it on
myself and my daughter's hair I've used
it probably weekly for her and then I've
used it probably every two weeks from my
hair and actually I really like it for
her hair she has very itchy very dry
scalp this I feel like it really really
soothes that for her I feel like it's
not an itchy it's not as dry the thing
about terressentials for me and why I
like it a lot is because it doesn't feel
like it strips your hair and it gets my
scalp clean that don't feel like my hair
is stripped and dry it's actually more
convenient for me to use the Sarah
centers than it is to use a shampoo
because after I shampoo I feel like I
need to do conditioner because my hair
feels like strict dry stuff like that so
yeah this so that cuts down on the whole
like I can deep conditioning before in
the shower rinse I'll be done that's it
and I can twist my hair or break my hair
or whatever they're doing my hair yes
that I've been using since July so
that's like four months
and I've used probably this much this is
a blessing like all year it's awesome
you got some little demo I don't I do
not leave it in water I just take a
applicator bottle and I fill it I
probably put about a half an ounce of
terressentials and then I put maybe
three ounces of water in there and now
I'll use that one I'm out in my hair but
I'll show you how I use it and how I
plots my hair it'll like CentOS so you
have to make sure you shake it
I just put like a small amount at the
bottom it's all it's gathering in them
spouts um to be tippity top of it but
add some water I'll fill it about
halfway up with water to make sure I get
it nice you're shooting this looks messy
I mean it's mud so it's messy okay so
basically the reason I'm going is
applicator bottle is just cuz it makes
it really easy to apply directly to my
scalp which is what I'm going to do now
I would normally be doing this in the
shower then it would print some of my
deep conditioner off as well but
basically I'm just making sure I get all
my Scout nice and you know clay muddy
and then once you have it I think buddy
you can just make sure you use just the
tips of your fingers to come up rub it
in which is basically what I did when I
shampoo nothing has really changed and
then once I'm in this in the shower
I will put it down with Lin so my hair
is this kind of pointless because it's
just covered in conditioner right now so
I'm gonna get in a shower and rinse I'll
come back and I'll show you my hair
rinse it'll just look like wet hair but
I mean I'll come back come back and show
you my hair once is rinsing clean
hey that is my review of if you guys
have any questions please leave them in
the comment section below
oh I don't know what I'm gonna do with
my hair oh no idea thanks for watching